tcpredate(1)                     User Commands                    tcpredate(1)

NAME
       tcpredate - Adjust the times of packets in pcap files

SYNOPSIS
       tcpredate  [-f  factor]  [-s starttime] [-n] [-g gap] [-o output] pcap1
       pcap2 ...

DESCRIPTION
       Tcpredate is a tool to change the  recorded  times  and/or  spacing  of
       packets  stored  in  files  in pcap(3) format, such as those created by
       tools such as tcpdump(1) and wireshark(1).  Tcpredate will  also  merge
       multiple  pcap  files with possibly disparate packet times so that they
       appear consecutive.  Once a pcap file has had its packet times  rewrit‐
       ten, it can be replayed back out on the network using tcpreplay(1).

       Tcpredate  does not change the headers or contents of the packets them‐
       selves; use tcprewrite(1) for that.

OPTIONS
       -f factor
              Increase (factor > 1.0) or decrease (factor <  1.0)  the  timing
              between  packets  by the given factor, a double-precision float‐
              ing-point number.  Thus, for example, -f .25 will  decrease  the
              time between packets by a factor of four, and hence increase the
              apparent packet rate fourfold.

       -s starttime
              Change the start time of the first packet to  the  given  value,
              then  adjust  all the following ones accordingly.  The starttime
              argument is interpreted by getdate(3).

       -n     Change the start time of the first packet to  the  current  time
              (now), as given by gettimeofday(3)

       -g gap When  merging  multiple  pcap files, adjust the timings so there
              are gap microseconds (default 1) between the last packet of  one
              file and the first packet of the next.

       -o output
              Write the output to output instead of the default stdout.

EXIT STATUS
       One of the following exit values will be returned:

       0 (EXIT_SUCCESS)
              Successful program execution.

       1 (EXIT_FAILURE)
              One  of  the arguments was invalid, or the source or destination
              files could not be opened.

AUTHOR
       Mark Carson, NIST

COPYRIGHT
       No copyright is asserted.  As a U.S. Government publication, this  code
       is in the public domain.

BUGS
       Please send bug reports to: antd-admin@nist.gov

tcpredate                         01 Jun 2018                     tcpredate(1)
